When I was 17 years old, I was very shy and had low self-esteem.
Almost all my classmates had girlfriends and looked like they were having fun.
This made me feel really lonely.
I had been baptized for four years.
At school, my classmates respected me because of my conduct.
But something was about to happen that could have changed my life forever.
There were a lot of girls at my school.
One girl in particular was really pretty.
Although we were not in the same class, we would often see each other in the hall.
In the school cafeteria or during gym class, I noticed that she would look at me.
One day, two girls handed me a letter from her.
The letter said, I think we would get along.
I'm attracted to you.
I like your personality, and that's not all.
I hope you make the right decision.
We could really have fun together, with love yours truly.
I felt dazed.
I honestly didn't know what to do.
My classmates urged me to accept her proposition immediately.
When I got home, I was really confused.
My parents asked me what was going on, but I couldn't talk to them about it.
I wondered whether I would ever meet another girl as beautiful as she was.
During those days, it was as if I had lost my Christian identity.
I prayed a lot.
I had dedicated my life to Jehovah, and I couldn't let him down.
So I opened up to my parents, and they were patient with me.
We did some intensive study together using the young people's last book.
Going through articles that applied to me,
helped me overcome the problem.
I also spoke to my true brother in the congregation,
and decided to spend more time with him as well as other brothers.
I mustered up courage.
I went to her and told her my decision.
I explained my Bible-based convictions, and said, no, it was a very wise decision.
I then had a clean conscience, and I hadn't brought reproach on Jehovah's name.
I had safeguarded my relationship with him.
I learned that if we are determined to be loyal to Jehovah,
and we have the courage to remain chased,
well, we won't have any regrets.
Until age 17, I had not understood this.
Jehovah has truly blessed me since then,
giving me the privilege of serving in the congregation in many ways,
and giving me a lovely wife to serve him with.
I thank Jehovah for having helped me to make the right decision.